README.md, before:

# Code Refactor Starter Code


Welcome to our detailed website where you can learn all about HORISEON!

This site includes html and css to describe our offerings:

We have a webpage that meets accessibility standards with alt text.

Our css is easy to follow and as simple as we could make it.  This 
CSS took several iterations.  

Key learning features included:
-figuring out that the nav section linked to the articles by the href with the # and the id in the article.
-combining the 3 articles with one shared class for styling
-moving the order of the elements in the css to follow the html
-replacing non-semantic elements with semantic elements: bye bye endless divs!
-adding commenting to the css to help a reader quickly identify sections of the page




Deployment:
Application deployed at live URL.

Application loads with no errors.

Application GitHub URL submitted.

GitHub repository that contains application code.

Quality:
Repository has a unique name.

Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

Submission:
The URL of the deployed application.

The URL of the GitHub repository that contains your code. Give the repository a unique name and include a README file that describes the project.

Commit message:

added site image to readme

README.md, after:

# Code Refactor Starter Code


Welcome to our detailed website where you can learn all about HORISEON!

This site includes html and css to describe our offerings:

We have a webpage that meets accessibility standards with alt text.

Our css is easy to follow and as simple as we could make it.  This 
CSS took several iterations.  

Key learning features included:
-figuring out that the nav section linked to the articles by the href with the # and the id in the article.
-combining the 3 articles with one shared class for styling
-moving the order of the elements in the css to follow the html
-replacing non-semantic elements with semantic elements: bye bye endless divs!
-adding commenting to the css to help a reader quickly identify sections of the page

Here is a screenshot of our amazing page:
Develop\assets\images\final site image.PNG


Deployment:
Application deployed at live URL.

Application loads with no errors.

Application GitHub URL submitted.

GitHub repository that contains application code.

Quality:

Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

Submission:
The URL of the deployed application.

The URL of the GitHub repository that contains your code. Give the repository a unique name and include a README file that describes the project.
